Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank,
and of having nothing to do:
once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading,
but it had no pictures or conversations in it,
“and what is the use of a book,” thought Alice
“without pictures or conversations?”

So she was considering in her own mind
(as well as she could,
for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid),
whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be
worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies,
when suddenly a White rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.

There was nothing so _very_ remarkable in that;
nor did Alice think it so _very_ much out of the way to hear the rabbit say to itself,
“Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!”
(when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to her
that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural);
but when the rabbit actually _took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket_,
and looked at it, and then hurried on,
Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind
that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket,
or a watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity,
she ran across the field after it, and fortunately was just in time
to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.

Oh! I _never_ do! I'd scold myself hard. I always pretend I'm _two_ people
too. It's lots of fun, isn't it? Sometimes when I'm all alone I walk up to
the looking glass and talk to the other Alice. She's so silly, that Alice;
she can't do anything by herself. She just mocks me all the time. When I
laugh, she laughs, when I point my finger at her, she points her finger at
me, and when I stick my tongue out at her she sticks her tongue out at me!
Kitty has a twin too, haven't you darling?

There's the room you can see through the glass; it's just the same as our
living-room here, only the things go the other way. I can see all of
it--all but the bit just behind the fireplace. Oh! I do wish I could see
that bit! I want so much to know if they've a fire there. You never _can_
tell, you know, unless our fire smokes. Then smoke comes up in that room
too--but that may be just to make it look as if they had a fire--just to
pretend they had. The books are something like our books, only the words
go the wrong way. Won't there ever be any way of our getting through uncle
